p0000-perf-lib-sanity has 437 significant regressions
p0001-rev-list has 378 significant regressions
p0002-read-cache has 562 significant regressions
p4000-diff-algorithms has 522 significant regressions
p4001-diff-no-index has 482 significant regressions
p4211-line-log has 747 significant regressions
p5302-pack-index has 443 significant regressions
p5310-pack-bitmaps has 570 significant regressions
p7000-filter-branch has 985 significant regressions
p7300-clean has 455 significant regressions
p7810-grep has 359 significant regressions
p3404-rebase-interactive has 611 significant regressions
p5303-many-packs has 362 significant regressions
p0003-delta-base-cache has 280 significant regressions
p3400-rebase has 445 significant regressions
p5550-fetch-tags has 530 significant regressions
p0071-sort has 275 significant regressions
p0005-status has 178 significant regressions
p0006-read-tree-checkout has 257 significant regressions
p0100-globbing has 169 significant regressions
p0004-lazy-init-name-hash has 206 significant regressions
p7820-grep-engines has 196 significant regressions
p7821-grep-engines-fixed has 152 significant regressions
p4220-log-grep-engines has 169 significant regressions
p4221-log-grep-engines-fixed has 171 significant regressions
p4205-log-pretty-formats has 168 significant regressions
p0007-write-cache has 177 significant regressions
p5551-fetch-rescan has 150 significant regressions
p7519-fsmonitor has 81 significant regressions
