p0000-perf-lib-sanity has 190 significant regressions
p0001-rev-list has 169 significant regressions
p0002-read-cache has 260 significant regressions
p4000-diff-algorithms has 284 significant regressions
p4001-diff-no-index has 41 significant regressions
p4211-line-log has 506 significant regressions
p5302-pack-index has 238 significant regressions
p5310-pack-bitmaps has 425 significant regressions
p7000-filter-branch has 676 significant regressions
p7300-clean has 278 significant regressions
p7810-grep has 194 significant regressions
p3404-rebase-interactive has 328 significant regressions
p5303-many-packs has 149 significant regressions
p0003-delta-base-cache has 145 significant regressions
p3400-rebase has 233 significant regressions
p5550-fetch-tags has 238 significant regressions
p0071-sort has 70 significant regressions
p0005-status has 45 significant regressions
p0006-read-tree-checkout has 186 significant regressions
p0100-globbing has 105 significant regressions
p0004-lazy-init-name-hash has 32 significant regressions
p7820-grep-engines has 54 significant regressions
p7821-grep-engines-fixed has 44 significant regressions
p4220-log-grep-engines has 43 significant regressions
p4221-log-grep-engines-fixed has 43 significant regressions
p4205-log-pretty-formats has 38 significant regressions
p0007-write-cache has 3 significant regressions
p5551-fetch-rescan has 47 significant regressions
p7519-fsmonitor has 28 significant regressions
